readme.md, before:

# dronelife.org

The new dronelife.org forums

## Installation

### Database setup

First, install postgresql
    
Switch to the postgres user (this will be created when postgres is installed)

    $ sudo su - postgres

As the postgres user, create a new 'dronelife' user:

    [postgres]$ createuser --interactive --pwprompt
    Enter the name of role to add: dronelife
    Enter password for new role:
    Enter it again:
    Shall the new role be a superuser? (y/n) n
    Shall the new role be allowed to create databases? (y/n) y
    Shall the new role be allowed to create more new roles? (y/n) n

Exit the postgres user shell

    [postgres]$ exit

Create a new 'dronelife' database giving read/write permission to the dronelife user:

    $ createdb dronelife -U dronelife

Set the sqlalchemy connection uri environment variable by adding the following to your .bashrc (replacing password with the password you set for your user!)

    export DRONELIFE_SQLALCHEMY_DATABASE_URI='postgresql://dronelife:password@localhost/dronelife'
    
To import the database schema and bootstrap it with example data, from the src directory run:

    python bootstrap.py

### Application setup

First, make sure you have python 2.7 and pip installed

To install dronelife globally, from the src directory run:

    sudo python setup.py develop

Which will install dronelife in 'develop' mode, which lets you hack on the code without having to reinstall the module on every change.

To run the app just:

    python run.py

Which will start a local server. The site will be accessable from `http://127.0.0.1:5000`

Commit message:

Add foundation setup instructions and ignore some tmp files.

readme.md, after:

# dronelife.org

The new dronelife.org forums

## Installation

### Database setup

First, install postgresql
    
Switch to the postgres user (this will be created when postgres is installed)

    $ sudo su - postgres

As the postgres user, create a new 'dronelife' user:

    [postgres]$ createuser --interactive --pwprompt
    Enter the name of role to add: dronelife
    Enter password for new role:
    Enter it again:
    Shall the new role be a superuser? (y/n) n
    Shall the new role be allowed to create databases? (y/n) y
    Shall the new role be allowed to create more new roles? (y/n) n

Exit the postgres user shell

    [postgres]$ exit

Create a new 'dronelife' database giving read/write permission to the dronelife user:

    $ createdb dronelife -U dronelife

Set the sqlalchemy connection uri environment variable by adding the following to your .bashrc (replacing password with the password you set for your user!)

    export DRONELIFE_SQLALCHEMY_DATABASE_URI='postgresql://dronelife:password@localhost/dronelife'
    
To import the database schema and bootstrap it with example data, from the src directory run:

    python bootstrap.py

### Foundation setup

Dronelife.org uses the super rad foundation SASS framework as a base for stylesheets. To do SASS work, first make sure you have 
ruby, node.js and the npm package manage installed, then install foundation and its dependencies.

    sudo npm install -g bower grunt-cli

And to install foundation itself

    gem install foundation

Then, from the root project directory, run

    foundation update

To pull down foundation assets with bower.

To start automatically compiling SASS into CSS, from the root project directory run

    compass watch

### Application setup

First, make sure you have python 2.7 and pip installed

To install dronelife globally, from the src directory run:

    sudo python setup.py develop

Which will install dronelife in 'develop' mode, which lets you hack on the code without having to reinstall the module on every change.

To run the app just:

    python run.py

Which will start a local server. The site will be accessable from `http://127.0.0.1:5000`
